docs(appmesh): Suggest improvements for App Mesh readme (#15506)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-appmesh/README.md

node.addBackend(appmesh.Backend.virtualService(virtualService));
```

> The `listeners` property can be left blank and added later with the `node.addListener()` method. The `healthcheck` and `timeout` properties are optional, but the `port` must be specified when specifying a listener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `listeners` property can be left blank and added later with the `node.addListener()` method. The `serviceDiscovery ` must be specified when specifying a listener.
```

Actually `port` is also optional even when using `node.addListener()`.

I think `healthcheck` and `timeout` reference can also be removed. Even though they actually are optional properties for `listener`, all properties for `listener` are optional.

Instead, I think useful information to add here is the call out that the `serviceDiscovery` for a `VirtualNode` must be specified when `listeners` is specified. ([reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-appmesh-virtualnode-virtualnodespec.html))

Reviewer: To mention, this discrepancy should've been addressed earlier.

Reviewer: @Jerry-AWS Looks like you reverted back the change. Was this interntional?

Reviewer: @Jerry-AWS Looks like you reverted back the change. Was this intentional? #

## Adding a Route

A _route_ matches requests with an associated virtual router and distributes traffic to its associated virtual nodes. 
The route distributes matching requests to one or more target virtual nodes with relative weighting.

The `RouteSpec` class lets you define protocol-specific route specifications.

> The `tcp()`, `http()` and `http2()` methods methods create a specification for the named protocols.

Author: Will also add backticks around grpc()

## Adding a Virtual Gateway

A _virtual gateway_ allows resources outside your mesh to communicate with resources inside your mesh.
The virtual gateway represents an Envoy proxy running in an Amazon ECS task, in a Kubernetes service, or on an Amazon EC2 instance.
Unlike a virtual node, which represents Envoy running with an application, a virtual gateway represents Envoy deployed by itself.

A virtual gateway is similar to a virtual node in that it has a listener that accepts traffic for a particular port and protocol (HTTP, HTTP2, GRPC).

> Traffic recieved by the virtual gateway is directed to other services in your mesh

Reviewer: @Jerry-AWS Looks like you reverted back the change.

});
```

The `listeners` field defaults to an HTTP Listener on port 8080 if omitted.
A gateway route can be added using the `gateway.addGatewayRoute()` method.

The `backendDefaults` property, provided when creating the virtual gateway, specifies the virtual gateway's default settings for all backends.

## Adding a Gateway Route

A _gateway route_ is attached to a virtual gateway and routes matching traffic to an existing virtual service.

For HTTP-based gateway routes, the `match` field can be used to match on 
path (prefix, exact, or regex), HTTP method, host name, HTTP headers, and query parameters.

> By default, HTTP-based routes match all requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, HTTP-based gateway routes match all requests.
```

Reviewer: Sorry, above is my miss from the earlier PR.

Reviewer: @Jerry-AWS Same here. Looks like you reverted back the change.
